{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12000\viewh14400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Read Me for Teleprompter with picture or video overlay. David Evans  651-221-4711  devans@smm.org\
\
To get to desktop on a PC, hold down "Ctrl" and press "Q".\
\
The Teleprompter folder is in My Documents.\
\
There are three folders in the teleprompter folder that are used to edit content in the program. One is "textfolder", which holds each of the Rich Text Format documents that make up each story. The second is "picturefolder", which holds all images to be displayed. The third is "videofolder", which holds any videos.\
\
TEXT:\
Documents must be saved in Rich Text Format. Wordpad on a PC, TextEdit on a Mac will work.\
File names start with a number, the "Story Number" which will force the order of appearance, followed by an underslash, followed by the title, followed by ".rtf". (eg. "1_Carbohydrates and Exercise.rtf")\
\
Header copy, the name of the story as you want to see it on screen, is 36 points. copy is green.\
Text copy is 48 points. Text not read is red or green, text to be read is white.\
end of story-------- is 36 points. red\
Paper color is black, but you can't change that. The Director application takes care of that.\
\
Pictures:\
File names start with a number, which corresponds with the Story Number associated with the image, followed by an underslash, followed by a three digit number that designates the line at which the picture will appear, followed by ".jpg". (eg. "1_003.jpg" - First story, line 3 or "3_020.jpg" - third story, line 20) When the line of text designated reaches the top of the text box on screen the picture will appear. To have the picture up before scrolling starts the number should be "000".\
\
Pictures will be displayed in a 4x3 format (eg 800x600). JPEG format. They will be displayed on a NTSC monitor. They will be scaled to the correct size in the program.\
\
To force the picture off the screen before the story is finished, a blank jpeg must be created with the appropriate story and line numbers. There is a file "empty.jpg" that can be opened then "saved as" the correct name in "picturefolder".\
\
Pictures take up room on the monitor and will appear in front of the talent on screen if the talent is in the same geographic area of the screen.\
\
Videos:\
Videos are quicktime.\
Videos are displayed in the same manner with the same rules as pictures. The only difference's are ".mov" instead of ".jpg", and the resolution is 640x480. The movies show up in the same place as pictures.\
\
\

\fs20 \
}